# CS-340 Client/Server Development

Writing code that is maintainable, readable, and adaptable is very important when creating good software. There are many things that can be done to accomplish this. Creating modular code is important because it allows you to reuae your code and and create more efficient code. This was done in prject one by creating functions for each of the CRUD operations(Create, Read, Update, Delete). Readable and maintainable code can be created by using comments and proper spacing. Having proper spacing will allow your code to be easier to read. Comments will allow other people to understand what is going on in your code so it can be changed at a later time if needed. This Crud module can be used in other code with a few minor alterations to fit whatever project you need to use it in. When approaching problems as a coputer scientist, it is best to start with having a good understanding of the problem. I also think that large problems are best handled by breaking them up into smaller, mroe manageable peieces. Breaking a large problem into smaller pieces will also allow you to test each piece individually and therefore your project will be easier to debug. I used this during this project and focused on reading the individual documentation so I could implement each part of the project. Computer scientists solve problems for their clients with the use of software. The work that computer scientist do help a company be more efficient, and have access to tools that will make them a proft. These tools also make the client's lives easier because they automate taks. The dashboard and crud module created in this project will help Grazioso Salvare better manage their animals and be able to visualize their data by the use of charts and geolocation that was impleented.
